[Introduction Music]
Chopin
Nocturne in C# Minor, Posthumous
Hello.
Thank you for joining me here today.
My name is Michael Hayden
and I’m a retired Roman Catholic priest.
I’ve been a priest for over 40 years now
and I’ve spent a considerable chunk of my life
thinking about the Christian message,
observing how other people live this message,
and trying always, to look at things with an open mind,
and not be scared
of ideas that don’t fit the traditional mould.
While you’re here,
have a look at some of the short videos I’ve recorded,
where I share some of what I’ve learnt over the years
and invite you to respond
with any questions or feedback
so that we keep on teaching each other.
Thank you.
[Music]
Chopin
Nocturne in C# Minor, Posthumous
Video by Michael Hayden Talks © 2020